yo Bracy what's up man there's Christian
walks Christian life is a beach you know
could really use your help right now hey
you know I got to make sure the weight
of the world don't follow my chair guy I
need you spot me like I need five but I
don't need chance i need help stay alive
here i think i got it but sometimes wake
you happy watch a boat something like a
blast over here to let me we're caught
you by icy you gotta raise the bars over
time I don't feel like the drum to start
I need your support I need you to push
me know that if you need to intervene
please don't overlook you got me then if
you do we need you describe me trade up
the world got the bottle top of me
brother gotta cruise you how to let it
stop me so spot me you got me and if you
do I need you to spot me weight of the
world got the ball on top of me but I
gotta lose you how to let it stop me so
spot me you know that I got you covered
boss I praise God then my brother's no
longer lost you've been found trust imma
be around and I got you one here to spot
you we all need a little help to get
room cuz these arms get tired when a rep
get high your words will extra weight on
but if you want to be strong you gotta
push through I hope you keep your bone
right trust results will come by fate
than 9 lakhs like you got me and if you
do we need you describe me Trey up the
world on the bottom top of me but I
gotta push you had a letter
me so spot me you got me and if you do I
need you to spot me weight of the world
by the ball on top of me but I gotta
lose you I don't let it stop me gospod
me i wanna be fixed when I'm weirdo get
tired of pushing the Bible sounds good
in theory but who can really live it I
do more spin it as a Christian therefore
i'm losing my pimple trust me it's not
an easy water this lifestyle laying a
stroll in the park it is likely you'll
get your book card every now and then
the year you might stumble get back on
the horse it ain't no with your tumble I
don't know I'm just tired pile of the
lines moment out of churches that are
they emphasize the time in the crowd
more trouble what Ukraine and guy so if
anybody living this day it's true there
are many men who plan to be free from
sin but are nowhere near genuine but
noted if you're diligent you'll be part
of the remnant of those who wait wait
but i understand if you dine me and if
you do we need to respond me weight of
the world on the bottle top of me Berta
gotta push you gotta let it stop me so
spawned me you drive me and if you do I
need you to spot me weight of the world
bout to fall on top of me but I kind of
cruising I don't let it stop me so spine
me
crazy thing I believe I can overcome i
computed appreciate you turn the corner
I will conscious